_projects/1_project.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: project 1
description: with background image
img: assets/img/12.jpg
importance: 1
category: work
related_publications: true
---

Every project has a beautiful feature showcase page.
It's easy to include images in a flexible 3-column grid format.
Make your photos 1/3, 2/3, or full width.

To give your project a background in the portfolio page, just add the img tag to the front matter like so:

    ---
    layout: page
    title: project
    description: a project with a background image
    img: /assets/img/12.jpg
    ---

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/1.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/3.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Caption photos easily. On the left, a road goes through a tunnel. Middle, leaves artistically fall in a hipster photoshoot. Right, in another hipster photoshoot, a lumberjack grasps a handful of pine needles.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>

You can also put regular text between your rows of images, even citations {% cite shawon2021age %}.
Say you wanted to write a bit about your project before you posted the rest of the images.
You describe how you toiled, sweated, _bled_ for your project, and then... you reveal its glory in the next row of images.

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    You can also have artistically styled 2/3 + 1/3 images, like these.
</div>

The code is simple.
Just wrap your images with `<div class="col-sm">` and place them inside `<div class="row">` (read more about the <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/layout/grid/">Bootstrap Grid</a> system).
To make images responsive, add `img-fluid` class to each; for rounded corners and shadows use `rounded` and `z-depth-1` classes.
Here's the code for the last row of images above:

{% raw %}

```html
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
  <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
</div>
```

{% endraw %}

Commit message:

Updated Project 1 with Environmental Pollution Prediction & Visualization

_projects/1_project.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Environmental Pollution Prediction & Visualization
# description: with background image
img: assets/img/12.jpg
importance: 1
category: work
related_publications: true
---

This project was a part of one of my graduate courses (Database Managemenet Systems). In this project, we (a group of 4) combined DBMS and ML to predict and visualize air pollution. My role was to conduct data mining and data cleaning to handle missing data and unwanted outliers. I utilized SQLite to create a lightweight database. TensorFlow framework was used to conduct machine learning and prediction. Also, I assisted another partner with the data visualization framework (flask). Here is the [github link](https://github.com/mc811mc/dbms-final-project) to our project.

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/1.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/3.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Caption photos easily. On the left, a road goes through a tunnel. Middle, leaves artistically fall in a hipster photoshoot. Right, in another hipster photoshoot, a lumberjack grasps a handful of pine needles.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>

You can also put regular text between your rows of images, even citations {% cite shawon2021age %}.
Say you wanted to write a bit about your project before you posted the rest of the images.
You describe how you toiled, sweated, _bled_ for your project, and then... you reveal its glory in the next row of images.

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    You can also have artistically styled 2/3 + 1/3 images, like these.
</div>

The code is simple.
Just wrap your images with `<div class="col-sm">` and place them inside `<div class="row">` (read more about the <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/layout/grid/">Bootstrap Grid</a> system).
To make images responsive, add `img-fluid` class to each; for rounded corners and shadows use `rounded` and `z-depth-1` classes.
Here's the code for the last row of images above:

{% raw %}

```html
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
  <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
    {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
  </div>
</div>
```

{% endraw %}
